my favorite to win strictly 2011 has to
be Jason Donovan reputation he's the
oldest one left he's come on such a big
journey he got top marks last weekend so
I love about Jason is that he's clearly
a good actor he always puts so much into
it I think most people love inflate
works really hard when he gets the dance
that he can really get his head into
like the salsa and he gets into
character and he's all macho
it really works for him making me blush
thinking about it would you agree that
Sam is Mary are quite carried away just
because that would be what a fabulous
year from McFly I do I think he's gonna
win sorry I mean that boys of natural
his lines when he puts his legs it's out
there so straight tears Chelsea and
Chelsea's do be proud because she she's
come so far they come from down here to
way up there a wonderful personality her
character really shines through on the
series this year and also my memory
serves me right
she is danced on her own twice who's
gonna win me chef anyone way to find out
good luck to all you lovely little
dancers out there and Alesha Dixon oh
yes Chelsea Harry Jason good luck to you
all
I don't think you're gonna need it
you're all brilliant good luck to all
the finalists in Blackpool this week
you're all winners in my book